he was inhibited in Italy but it broke out in
the chilies
things of the heart
and now after the goal that put farfán
in front of chile I do not know I do not know I never think
that I told a lot of people in my years
of football I had never felt
and that emotion or that feeling that was made
something weird different joy with
download was a very important game
for us and the one that we make the goal
it was the dream is there still we can not
keep fighting and keep trying
get that then spiritual because
it touched me you surprised you
reaction
is that it has very little is very rare
I usually have everything very let's say
in June this year end your contract
on the team bayern that the next
season will train the Spanish pep
guardiola the legendary former coach of
barcelona for me I'm just contract
in June this still I do not know what is it
that he wants I have not talked to the
leadership but already these days this
had to start to see a little bit what
I'm going to do in the future that's why
sure my representative will be
living in this week in this month to
talk and see what are the
possibilities that worries that a bit
not for hand I'm very calm
and I'm here with offers that
now I have not talked to anyone I'm very
quiet because I want to talk first
with the bayern
you would like to take care of yourself in alliance
like it says yes it was a
possibility is that maybe the alliance
by commodities of the champion of soccer
Peruvian that you would like if your part in
alliance yes yes I have said it previously
I would like but I do not know what the
things so let's see but still in
the checkbook
no no no not at all then I
I think it depends a lot on that but
just from my family actually from
my family and see this
as how are the
things here because for now I still have
a time here so let's see
he likes the idea is one of his accounts
pending but return to Peru gives
fear and says it with all its letters
I would also like to go to Peru
I'm going to talk to my wife and that but
unfortunately the anger problem is already
the security this is why one of
the great reasons because we have had
the decision to stay here is
soccer is for safety nothing more
because I 'm not going to add my children
that is, they make the decision that you are going
to stay alive like this in europe in europe
I still do not know where but the reason is the
security one of the largest in the
greatest of those sensations starting is
when you go or what they tell you or what
that you can read and what I have read what
I perceive and all that not and unfortunately
It's a shame because the truth to me
like and I would like my children
can enjoy the exact family of
know a little Peru too, which is
something very beautiful but this
unfortunately you can not then
I'm not going to risk my family
something like that
have you ever had any problems
there or your parents or not none but
this is heard things and they do not have to be
with caregivers and then how are you going
retire in a teeth so I tell you that
it is very difficult how things are given is
a voice more than from outside puts us
in front of the mirror but neither does he run away from
look at yourself looking at the other reality that
the project
national lesson
This is the question that everyone is
It makes me know which one
because what it solves is in Germany not
he can solve it he will win titles
of wheat because I tell you I do not go out to
the court neither here nor anywhere
say the day I will do 23 goals and to
44 does not arrive I'm going to make three goals and I
I go out and say one day I want to win today
day I want to score points to get
an objective that for me is long- term
actually because generally when
you start something in europe
if you realize the goals that I do
here are usually marys in the area
our for generally good valleys
and part of the selection do not reach you
so many good passes or if they arrive if
they arrive but that is not different
different those are other players is
totally different but I do not
I despair for making a goal, I have for the
my goal is this to classify
worldwide and if in some games I have
to work and I have to run the life
and so that another goal
the goal that my success has will be
in the end to get to the world and
now 15 goals I will be the happiest
because the saga 'management see if
we classify the world cup and we get the
target all